Issue #412 - Add warning about Kibana Dev Console (#489)
elastic/security-docs: docs/siem-apis.asciidoc

[[security-apis]]
= Elastic Security APIs

> WARNING: Any request or response examples created in {kib} Dev Tool Console cannot be used to create an API request.

Reviewer: @DonNateR I don't think this is what we're trying to say. You _can_ make API requests via the dev tool console, you just can't copy and paste the examples; you have to type them in manually, I think. @louisong @spong is this correct?

Author: My impression from reading the issue is that the call itself wouldn't work, even if the responses in the Dev Console were valid.

Reviewer: Gotcha - thanks. Slight suggestion.

```suggestion
WARNING: Do not use the {kib} Dev Tool Console to make any {es-sec} API requests. 
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah specifically here, Kibana API requests cannot be made via the dev tools. This is the message used on the kibana docs here: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/7.10/using-api.html. Perhaps we should just use that message as well?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2946766/106971343-fa812180-670b-11eb-8a0e-3baa88a396b2.png)

You can use these APIs to interface with {es-sec} features:

> NOTE: The {kib} Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. You are unable to interact with the {kib} APIs with the Console and must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/console-kibana.html[Console].

Reviewer: @DonNateR slight change for conciseness, then OK to merge. 

```suggestion
NOTE: The {kib} Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. You cannot interact with the {kib} APIs with the Console and must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/console-kibana.html[Console].
```
